OSDOCS-18372: DITA abstracts — KMM (#117165)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/kmm-about-kmm.adoc

[id="about-kmm_{context}"]
= About the Kernel Module Management Operator

[role="_abstract"]
The Kernel Module Management (KMM) Operator on {product-title} manages the full lifecycle of out-of-tree kernel modules and device plugins, from build and signing through deployment. You can use `Module` custom resources to define module loaders, device plugins, and version-specific build instructions across kernel upgrades.

> KMM introduces the `Module` CRD, which defines an out-of-tree kernel module and its associated device plugin. Using `Module` resources, you can specify containerized `ModuleLoader` images, configure module loading parameters, and automate containerized build and signing workflows for target kernel versions.

Reviewer: Lines 10 and 12 could probably be combined, or re-organized a little

[id="about-kmm_{context}"]
= About the Kernel Module Management Operator

[role="_abstract"]
The Kernel Module Management (KMM) Operator on {product-title} manages the full lifecycle of out-of-tree kernel modules and device plugins, from build and signing through deployment.

> You can use `Module` custom resources to define module loaders, device plugins, and version-specific build instructions across kernel upgrades.

Reviewer 2: The abstract and the first body paragraph feel very redundant when rendered together in the preview. Both sentences repeat the exact same list of capabilities (out-of-tree kernel modules and device plugins, building and signing, module loaders/kernel versions).

I made a suggestion to the body of the module to remove the redundancy. I would maybe remove line 13, "KMM adds a new `Module` CRD..."

Author: Yeah, I don't disagree. I always struggle to remove content outside my area, but your suggestion on line 14 improves it. ✅

KMM adds a new `Module` CRD which describes an out-of-tree kernel module and its associated device plugin.

> You can use `Module` resources to configure how to load the module, define `ModuleLoader` images for kernel versions, and include instructions for building and signing modules for specific kernel versions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
KMM introduces the `Module` CRD, which defines an out-of-tree kernel module and its associated device plugin. Using `Module` resources, you can specify containerized `ModuleLoader` images, configure module loading parameters, and automate containerized build and signing workflows for target kernel versions.
```
